Documentation clean-up (#517)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode: ecc/README.md

We refer to [ecc_enclave/README.md](../ecc_enclave). Otherwise, the build
might fail with the message `ecc_enclave build does not exist!`.

This is a go chaincode that is used to invoke the enclave (and hence
FPC chaincode). The chaincode logic is implemented in C++ as enclave
code and is loaded by by the go chaincode as C library
(``ecc/enclave/lib/enclave.signed.so``).  For more details on the 
chaincode implementation see [ecc_enclave](../ecc_enclave).

> The enclave registry can be run in two modes, as a normal chaincode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FPC chaincode can be run in two modes, as a normal chaincode
```

Author: ah, missed that one in the almost-copy/paste from ercc text ..
